Add FAQ item for Craft Commerce (#1091)
MultiSafepay/docs: content/integrations/plugins/craftcommerce/faq/generic-gateways.md

---
title : "Generic gateways Craft Commerce"
meta_title: "Generic gateways - MultiSafepay Docs"
meta_description: "The MultiSafepay Documentation Center presents all relevant information about our Plugins and API. You can also find support pages for payment methods, tools and general questions as well as the contact details of our Support and Integration Teams."
layout: "faqdetail"
---
The Craft Commerce plugins offers generic gateways and/or generic giftcards.

It is possible to set the gateway code and gateway label. All of our payment methods are supported.
 

> Refunds are possible like described in: [Refund FAQ article](/integrations/plugins/craftcommerce/faq/refunding-craft-commerce/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Refunds of generic gateway transactions are possible. For more information on refunding, visit our page on [refunding in Craft Commerce](/integrations/plugins/craftcommerce/faq/refunding-craft-commerce/)
```
